Address post merging comments from prune_previous_versions set defaul… (#487)
man-group/ArcticDB: docs/mkdocs/docs/index.md

!!! note "Versioning & Prune Previous"

>     By default, `write`, `append`, and `update` operations will remove the previous versions. Please be aware that having this option enabled results in consuming more space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By default, `write`, `append`, and `update` operations will **not** remove the previous versions. Please be aware that this will consume more space.
    
    This behaviour can be can be controlled via the `prune_previous_versions` keyword argument. 
```

!!! note "Versioning & Prune Previous"

>     By default, `write`, `append`, and `update` operations will **not** remove the previous versions. Please be aware that this will consume more space.

Reviewer 2: Please place each sentence on its own line.

Author: I think they are. "Please be aware that this will consume more space" is related to previous sentence

Reviewer: `Please be aware that this will consume more space.` is on the same line. Line 326.

It does make it marginally harder to comment.

Author: yes, I will leave it as is then
